README.md, before:

# _{Application Name}_

#### _{Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}_

#### By _**{List of contributors}**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Specifications

* _Program replaces 0 with "Beep!"_
  * **_Example Input: 0_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Beep!"]_**

* _Program replaces 1 with "Boop!"_
  * **_Example Input: 1_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Boop!"]_**

* _Program replaces 3 with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."_
  * **_Example Input: 3_**
  * **_Example Output: ["I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."]_**

* _Program replaces any number containing a 0 with "Beep!"_
  * **_Example Input: 208_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Beep!"]_**

* _Program replaces any number containing a 1 with "Boop!"_
  * **_Example Input: 413_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Boop!"]_**

* _Program replaces any number divisible by 3 with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."_
  * **_Example Input: 225_**
  * **_Example Output: ["I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."]_**

* _Program replaces all other numbers with integers from 0 to the inputed number_
  * **_Example Input: 23_**
  * **_Example Output: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 , 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 20, 21, 22, 23]_**

## Known Bugs

_{Are there issues that have not yet been resolved that you want to let users know you know?  Outline any issues that would impact use of your application.  Share any workarounds that are in place. }_

## Support and contact details

_{Let people know what to do if they run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns.  Encourage them to contact you or make a contribution to the code.}_

## Technologies Used

_{Tell me about the languages and tools you used to create this app. Assume that I know you probably used HTML and CSS. If you did something really cool using only HTML, point that out.}_

### License

*{Determine the license under which this application can be used.  See below for more details on licensing.}*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_{List of contributors or company name}_**

Commit message:

Finished README and will continue to work on project over the weekend

README.md, after:

# _Beep Boop_

#### _Website that takes in a number and displays a response, January 19, 2018_

#### By _**David Lewis**_

## Description

_This website provides and input for the user to enter a number. After the user enters a number and clicks submit, the website will display information below the form. Depending upon what number the user enters, a specific result will display. It will either show, beep, boop, or I'm sorry David I'm afraid you cant do that, or a list of all the integers up to that number_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Follow this link https://github.com/dlewiski/beep-boop and open the index.html file into any web browser_

## Specifications

* _Program replaces 0 with "Beep!"_
  * **_Example Input: 0_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Beep!"]_**

* _Program replaces 1 with "Boop!"_
  * **_Example Input: 1_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Boop!"]_**

* _Program replaces 3 with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."_
  * **_Example Input: 3_**
  * **_Example Output: ["I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."]_**

* _Program replaces any number containing a 0 with "Beep!"_
  * **_Example Input: 208_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Beep!"]_**

* _Program replaces any number containing a 1 with "Boop!"_
  * **_Example Input: 413_**
  * **_Example Output: ["Boop!"]_**

* _Program replaces any number divisible by 3 with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."_
  * **_Example Input: 225_**
  * **_Example Output: ["I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."]_**

* _Program replaces all other numbers with integers from 0 to the inputed number_
  * **_Example Input: 23_**
  * **_Example Output: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 , 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 20, 21, 22, 23]_**

## Known Bugs

_There are still issues with the program determining what to do with certain numbers_

## Support and contact details

_Please feel free to contact me at my github https://github.com/dlewiski/ with any questions, comments, or concerns_

## Technologies Used

_JavaScript, Jquery, Bootstrap_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2018 **_David Lewis and Epicodus_**
